How to install the python package habanero from Jupyter notebook?

Short answer: copy, paste, and run '!pip install habanero' inside a cell in a Jupyter notebook.

Detailed steps:

 1) Please log in at https://utoronto.2i2c.cloud/. Select the Jupyter notebook option and click on the login. (Orange button)
 
 2) Ensure that the 'File' tab is selected on the home page.
 
 3) Click on the drop-down button named 'New' located at the top right corner. Open a Jupyter notebook by clicking on 'Python 3'. 
 
 4) This will open a new notebook in a separate browser tab. 
 
 5) Inside a cell in a new notebook, copy and paste the command: !pip install habanero
 
 6) Run the cell. You can click the 'Run' button from the toolbar or use the keyboard shortcut 'Ctrl + Enter' to run the cell. Make sure that the cell is selected.
 
 7) Wait for the installation process to finish.
 
 8) You will see the message starting with: 'Successfully installed ...'
 
 9) That's it.
 
 

How to install the R package emo(ji) from Jupyter notebook?

Short answer: copy, paste, and run 'devtools::install_github("hadley/emo")' inside a cell in a Jupyter notebook.

Detailed steps:

 1) Please log in at https://utoronto.2i2c.cloud/. Select the Jupyter notebook option and click on the login. (Orange button)
 
 2) Ensure that the 'File' tab is selected on the home page.
 
 3) Click on the drop-down button named 'New' located at the top right corner. Open a Jupyter notebook by clicking on 'R'. 
 
 4) This will open a new notebook in a separate browser tab.
 
 5) Inside a cell in a new notebook, copy, paste, and run the command: install.packages("devtools"). If you have devtools already installed, you will see the message starting with: 'Skipping install...'. Move to the next step. 
 
 6) Inside a cell in the notebook, copy and paste the command: devtools::install_github("hadley/emo")
 
 7) Run the cell. You can click the 'Run' button from the toolbar or use the keyboard shortcut 'Ctrl + Enter' to run the cell. Make sure that the cell is selected.
 
 8) Wait for the installation process to finish.
 
 9) You will see the message starting with: 'Installing ...'. Wait for the cell to finish running the command.
 
 10) That's it.



What can you do with the emo(ji) package?

You can use this package to insert emojis in your RMarkdown cells or documents. You can either refer to an emoji by a name or keyword. Please note that keywords are not unique, and the package will pick one at random from all the similar options.

You can find more detailed documentation at https://github.com/hadley/emo. Look for the README file.